alright hey everybody this is Uncle
Jesse I wanted to just give you a quick
update on a new app that was recent
really released called to be TV if you
head over to the App Store you'll see it
over in the recently released section
what this is is an app that will allow
you to stream a whole lot of new movies
TV shows documentaries fitness videos
are also included their late-night
videos all sorts of free content that's
available for you to view this is
actually a really great addition to the
Xbox one app library in addition to
things like Netflix that are already
there
one thing that I actually really like
about this app so I'm going to pop it
open here right now so to be TV so here
was one section they have a ton of
categories of different types of movies
one of them if you keep scrolling all
the way down is get fit so here that's
giving you there's a ton of workout
video options for you to choose from I
haven't really gone through and done any
of them just yet however I will be doing
a handful of them there's a lot of ABS
there there's a big core one etc there's
some really nice ones here so if I come
back in and start taking a look at some
of these other categories they have some
really cool they've got a kung-fu
section they've got a grindhouse section
the after-hours section that I was
mentioning before very nice so keep
going up there they have obviously one
area that I that I love is the horror
movie section because there is just a
huge category of odd movies that I've
never seen and some of which I've
actually wanted to watch for the other
thing you'll notice here real quick is I
you know it's the first time this app
has come out so there's a little bit of
a pop in delay for loading some of the
content which isn't horrible but it's
not exactly
you know I want to see that improved a
good bit but if you come back up here
you know they've got your your basic
categories of recently viewed or
featured or new arrivals etc there's
actually some really decent quality
movies on here that I'm finding and it's
a nice alternative to Netflix for you
know if you can't find something to
watch on Netflix you're something else
that it's going to give you a little bit
of an odd flavor of things but one
category that I actually thought was a
really great addition was not on Netflix
so here are ton of movies that are some
of these are pretty big-name movies that
were out a few years ago
one of which nark which is awesome if
you haven't watched this I definitely
recommend checking out masters Universe
is on here this is a great one from when
I was a kid I'll have to give that a
watch again but yeah I mean there's
there's just a great offering of video
content here that's available to us to
now start taking in so if you have cut
the cord your cable cord I'm looking at
doing that I've done it once before but
officially looking at trying to get rid
of the DirecTV and this probably this
fall and this is just allowing us to
have some more options here within my
house but yeah yeah I just wanted to
give you a quick update on this app
check it out it's called to be TV it's
completely free you don't have to create
an account you don't do anything just
download the app install it and you can
start watching a ton of movies while
they might not be the most popular or
most up-to-date movies it's free content
and it's out there and available for you
to start watching so check it out let me
know what you guys think please like
subscribe all that fun stuff picked up a
new mic as well here so hopefully the
audio is a little bit better than some
of the previous videos so let me know
what you guys think all right I'll talk
to you guys later thanks again for
watching
hmm